Advanced
Automatic Speech Recognition

Configure how the incoming audio is processed and transcribed into text.

Create text-only conversational agents that do not process audio.

Switch to Scribe Realtime for Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR). Implicit language detection doesn't yet work with this model.

User input audio format
Select the input format you want to use for automatic speech recognition.


PCM 16000 Hz
Recommended
Keywords
Define a comma-separated list of keywords that have a higher likelihood of being predicted correctly.

Conversational behavior

Configure turn taking behavior and conversation limits.

Eagerness
Controls how eager the agent is to respond. High eagerness means the agent responds quickly, while low eagerness means the agent waits longer to ensure the user has finished speaking.


Eager
Take turn after silence
The maximum number of seconds since the user last spoke. If exceeded, the agent will respond and force a turn. A value of -1 means the agent will wait indefinitely for user input.

7
Seconds

End conversation after silence
The maximum number of seconds since the user last spoke. If exceeded, the call will terminate. A value of -1 means there is no fixed cutoff.

-1
Disabled

Max conversation duration
The maximum number of seconds that a conversation can last.

199
Seconds

Soft timeout

Provide immediate feedback during longer responses.

Soft timeout
How long to wait for the LLM response before returning a message.

-1
Disabled

Client events

Select the events that should be sent to the client.

Events
Add event
audio
interruption
user_transcript
agent_response
agent_response_correction
Privacy

Configure settings related to data retention and Personally Identifiable Information (PII).

No PII will be logged during or stored after a call. Use post-call webhooks to retrieve information about the call. May impact our ability to debug calls.

Conversations Retention Period
Set the number of days to keep the conversations (-1 for unlimited).

-1
Unlimited