AI Quality Parameters & Transcript Extraction (Simplified Version)
1. Overview

When updating or configuring AI Quality Parameters, the system should allow users to define custom qualification criteria using natural language.
The AI must interpret and process these natural language instructions automatically to update its internal evaluation and scoring rules.

2. Example: AI Qualification Criteria (Natural Language Input)

“Content Interest is Yes (Mandatory).
Permission to Send Content is Yes (Mandatory).
Deduct 5 points if Email Confirmation is missing.
Lead has no objection to future contact.
Lead confirmed involvement in export-related activities.
Company must be active in the UK Companies House Database (Required).
Company must have a valid Companies House Registration Number (Required).
Contact must be Manager or above.
Contact Country must be the United Kingdom.”

The AI should convert this natural language input into structured qualification rules and automatically evaluate leads accordingly.

3. AI Transcript Extraction

The AI should automatically read call transcripts and extract key qualification details based on what the lead or agent says.
These extracted values should be filled into the CRM and Campaign QA fields for accurate and automated lead qualification.

4. Key Functionality

The system must support the creation of campaign-level custom QA fields within the QA module.

These fields allow users to capture and verify campaign-specific parameters, such as:

Company Status in the UK Companies House Database

Database Registration Number

Company’s Full Legal Name (as per Companies House)

The AI should automatically map, extract, and update these custom QA fields using data from both call transcripts and CRM records.

5. Information to Extract
Parameter	Expected Value	Notes
Content Interest	Yes / No	Detect if the lead shows interest in receiving or engaging with content.
Permission to Send Content	Yes / No	Identify if the lead gives consent for follow-ups or marketing messages.
Marketing Asset Consent	Yes / No	Identify if the lead agreed to receive a marketing asset (e.g., brochure, whitepaper, or content).
Email Confirmation	Present / Missing	Check if the lead confirms their email address.
Future Contact Consent	Yes / No	Identify if the lead agrees to be contacted again in the future.
Export Involvement	Yes / No	Detect if the lead or company is involved in export-related business.
Company Status	Active (UK Companies House)	Verify if the company is active in the UK Companies House database.
Company Number	Present	Must include a valid Companies House registration number.
Contact Seniority	Manager or Above	Confirm that the contact’s role is managerial or higher.
Contact Country	United Kingdom	Verify that the contact is based in the UK.
6. Data Sources

Call Transcript: Extracted automatically from recorded conversations.

CRM Contact Data: Includes existing contact fields such as name, email, title, and permissions.

Account Data: Contains company-level information like registration number and company status.

Campaign QA Custom Fields: Custom QA fields created per campaign to store extracted and verified qualification data.

7. Example Output
{
  "content_interest": "Yes",
  "permission_to_send_content": "Yes",
  "marketing_asset_consent": "Yes",
  "email_confirmation": "Present",
  "future_contact_consent": "Yes",
  "export_involvement": "Yes",
  "company_status": "Active (UK Companies House)",
  "company_number": "12345678",
  "contact_seniority": "Manager",
  "contact_country": "United Kingdom"
}